ec_deployment: Persist lowest resource `version` (#371)
elastic/terraform-provider-ec: .changelog/371.txt

```release-note:bug

> resource/ec_deployment: Fix a bug affecting partial version upgrades, where some resources upgraded but others did not, leaving the `version` argument set to the configured value as if the upgrade was successful. The upgrade could not be retried and it was unable to detect drift.

Author: I'm not so sure on the wording here, we might need a wordsmith to come in and fix this strange sentence. @alaudazzi if you have some minutes 🙂

> resource/ec_deployment: Fix a bug affecting partial version upgrades, where some resources upgraded but others did not, leaving the `version` argument set to the configured value as if the upgrade was successful. The upgrade could not be retried and it was unable to detect drift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/ec_deployment: Fixed a bug that affects partial version upgrades. During an upgrade only a subset of resources would upgrade successfully, but the `version` argument value updated as if all resources were upgraded. Attempts to retry the upgrade would fail since the version difference was not detected.
```
I think Arianna is offline at the moment so I'd suggest the above for the bug text.

Author: Thanks!
